And let's wrap this module up
by first of all making sure that we have this new toggle button, as well as our mobile navigation available
in all our files.
We added the CSS code in the shared folder, in the shared.css file
so this will be available but now we also need to add our HTML code to the other files. For that, let's
start with the nav, the mobile nav,
let's copy it and add it to the index.html
file in the packages folder after header in front of main,
so there.
Now let's adjust the links, for packages, it's just the index.html file in that folder,
for customers we have to go up one level and then to customers and for start hosting,
eventually this will also be the case.
Now let's copy it again
and let's go to customers and there, let's also add it after header, in front of main and let's adjust
the links here too.
For packages we have to go up one level and then down to packages. For customers,
we're already in the right folder,
so let's remove that folder navigation and for start hosting, it stays as it is. Now
again we also need to add that hamberger button, so the button we added in front of our brand.
Let's go to our brand link here or to this button in front of it to be precise,
let's copy it and let's add it to or in front of our brand in the other pages too.
So here in the index.html file in the packages folder, there in that div right in front of that
anchor tag,
I'll add my button style, button code
I should say and in customers, I'll do the same, right in front of the anchor tag, like this.
If we now save that and reload,
we can go to packages and I actually get a favicon error here which we can ignore for now,
the rest does look good here though so this all works.
Clicking on the button here however doesn't work,
now what's missing?
The thing that's missing is simply the shared.js file,
we need to import that too.
So from our root index.html file, at the bottom,
let's copy that script import and let's add it to the other files too, right in front of the closing body tag.
Now here we need to adjust the import path and go up one level and the same for the customers page
and now since we get an error regarding that favicon on packages, let's also fix it there,
we simply need to go up one level here to get the right favicon.
So now with that, we can reload and
now we're importing the Javascript code but now we get a new error, can't read property add event listener
of null.
Now what's the problem here?
The problem here is that in our Javascript code, we're adding event listeners to our select plan buttons
and these buttons simply don't exist on the packages page or on our customers page and therefore, this code
just fails.
We don't have these buttons there, so it can't succeed.
This however is not really the problem because this code will only run for every element we got on our button
list and if we get no buttons, the list will be empty and this code will never execute.
We got one other piece of code that is related to the modal though and that's the modal no button here, this
also always executes and that is our issue.
Now here, we simply have to wrap it in an if block where we check if modal no button, just like that,
this will only return true if it finds a valid reference to the button.
So if we wrap the code inside of that if statement, it will not run
if we get no such reference.
So now if we reload on the packages page, it will work and we can open and close the side menu, well closing
doesn't work though,
class list can't be accessed for our backdrop.
Let's quickly go into the HTML file,
we got our backdrop here but
of course the problem we have eventually is not that we can't access the backdrop but in close modal
which we always execute,
we try to remove the open class from the modal and we also don't have a modal on other pages. So we can
simply wrap that again
and of course you could also find a different solution where you separate your to be executed methods
clear, here however this is fine since we don't have that many other cases.
So I will just wrap modal with the same code as I did with the modal no button, like this
and now this code will also only run if we got a modal.
So if we reload again, now opening and closing does work and the same on our customers page.
So with that, we got our project in a state where we have Javascript added to it to dynamically change
the content during runtime and take advantage of this to manipulate what the user sees after the page
has been loaded.